He broke the necklace.
Why did you hit me?
Now this store has been acquired by Mr. Chen
Don't say smashing a necklace
It's okay to smash the whole store
What kind of thing are you?
What is missing from our Mr. Chen?
He really bought our store
Mr. Chen
No, no, Boss Chen, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know Tarzan
I don't know your Buddha
Sorry, sorry.
Now do you still admit it?
You broke this thing.
Boss Chen, please forgive me.
I'm sorry, I didn't see that you're not a little follower.
Sorry, sorry.
Bite you
Sure
Your whole life
I'll find you when it's over 10 million
And your store manager
You help the curse
You're fired.
Counterfeit, hurry up and get out
Hey, come here
Go ahead.
boss
Is there anything in the store suitable for girls?
Uh, Boss Chen
Don't call me boss
You are my boss now
Others have no enemies
I used to do jewelry design
You can call me wife
If it is a girl
I happen to have a treasure in my hands
One is a store
There should be something, wait a minute.
It's really beautiful
It's expensive.
If money is too cruel
This dead thing is really priceless